[Doc] Add notes for OOM in FAQs (#786)
vllm-project/vllm-ascend: docs/source/faqs.md

### 14. How to fix the error "InvalidVersion" when using vllm-ascend?
It's usually because you have installed an dev/editable version of vLLM package. In this case, we provide the env variable `VLLM_VERSION` to let users specify the version of vLLM package to use. Please set the env variable `VLLM_VERSION` to the version of vLLM package you have installed. The format of `VLLM_VERSION` should be `X.Y.Z`.

### 15. How to handle Out Of Memory?

> It's usually because the model is too large to fit in a single NPU, and you can refer to [vLLM's documentation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/troubleshooting.html#out-of-memory).
> 
> And when your NPU's HBM memory size is small, it can also lead to out of memory due to memory fragments generated by dynamic apply and release memory during the reasoning process. We can handle this situation through the following means.
> 
> - **set `--gpu-memory-utilization`**: We can set this param to reserve more memory to cope with memory fragments. Here is the [param description](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/serving/engine_args.html#vllm.engine.arg_utils-_engine_args_parser-cacheconfig).
> 
> - **set environment variable `PYTORCH_NPU_ALLOC_CONF`**: this env can control the behavior of cache allocator, such as let the memory allocator actively recycle unused NPU memory blocks. This will reduce the memory size occupied by memory fragments. Find more details [here](https://www.hiascend.com/document/detail/zh/Pytorch/700/comref/Envvariables/Envir_012.html) with this env.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OOM errors typically occur when the model exceeds the memory capacity of a single NPU. For general guidance, you can refer to [vLLM's OOM troubleshooting documentation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/troubleshooting.html#out-of-memory).

In scenarios where NPUs have limited HBM (High Bandwidth Memory) capacity, dynamic memory allocation/deallocation during inference can exacerbate memory fragmentation, leading to OOM. To address this:

- **Adjust `--gpu-memory-utilization`**: If unspecified, will use the default value of `0.9`. You can decrease this param to reserve more memory to reduce fragmentation risks. See more note in: [vLLM - Inference and Serving - Engine Arguments](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/serving/engine_args.html#vllm.engine.arg_utils-_engine_args_parser-cacheconfig).

- **Configure `PYTORCH_NPU_ALLOC_CONF`**: Set this environment variable to optimize NPU memory management. For example, you can `export PYTORCH_NPU_ALLOC_CONF=expandable_segments:True` to enable virtual memory feature to mitigate memory fragmentation caused by frequent dynamic memory size adjustments during runtime, see more note in: [PYTORCH_NPU_ALLOC_CONF](https://www.hiascend.com/document/detail/zh/Pytorch/700/comref/Envvariables/Envir_012.html).
```
